README.md, before:

# astro-dev

Development on [Astro](https://astro.build).

If you find this useful, please star the repo.

## Installation and build

```bash
pnpm -r install
pnpm -r run build

cd sites/astro-proto
pnpm run dev
```

## Packages

### [astro-splide](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/tree/main/packages/astro-splide#readme)
The Astro component for Splide

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-splide.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/astro-splide.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![NPM Type Definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/astro-splide)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![NPM Last Update](https://img.shields.io/npm/last-update/astro-splide)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)

Check for [Demo](https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev/packages/astro-splide/)

_______________

### [astro-sprite](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/tree/main/packages/astro-sprite#readme)
Sprite generation (png, webp, avif...) dedicated to Astro framework

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-sprite.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/astro-sprite.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![NPM Type Definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/astro-sprite)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![NPM Last Update](https://img.shields.io/npm/last-update/astro-sprite)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)

Check for [Demo](https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev/packages/astro-sprite/)


_______________

### [astro-webtools](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/tree/main/packages/astro-webtools#readme)
Components dedicated to Astro

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-webtools.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/astro-webtools.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![NPM Type Definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/astro-webtools)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![NPM Last Update](https://img.shields.io/npm/last-update/astro-webtools)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)

Check for [Demo](https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev/packages/astro-webtools/)


## Sites

### astro-dev-doc

The doc site of astro-dev, published as https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev

Commit message:

README.md: who is using it
Signed-off-by: Pascal Brand <pascal.brand38@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# astro-dev

Development on [Astro](https://astro.build).

If you find this useful, please star the repo.

## Installation and build

```bash
pnpm -r install
pnpm -r run build

cd sites/astro-proto
pnpm run dev
```

## Packages

### [astro-splide](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/tree/main/packages/astro-splide#readme)
The Astro component for Splide

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-splide.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/astro-splide.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![NPM Type Definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/astro-splide)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![NPM Last Update](https://img.shields.io/npm/last-update/astro-splide)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-splide)
[![Who is using it](https://img.shields.io/badge/Who%20is%20using%20it-Green)](https://github.com/search?q=%22astro-splide%22+path%3Apackage.json+NOT+owner%3Apascal-brand38+&type=code)

Check for [Demo](https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev/packages/astro-splide/)

_______________

### [astro-sprite](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/tree/main/packages/astro-sprite#readme)
Sprite generation (png, webp, avif...) dedicated to Astro framework

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-sprite.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/astro-sprite.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![NPM Type Definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/astro-sprite)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![NPM Last Update](https://img.shields.io/npm/last-update/astro-sprite)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-sprite)
[![Who is using it](https://img.shields.io/badge/Who%20is%20using%20it-Green)](https://github.com/search?q=%22astro-spritee%22+path%3Apackage.json+NOT+owner%3Apascal-brand38+&type=code)

Check for [Demo](https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev/packages/astro-sprite/)


_______________

### [astro-webtools](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/tree/main/packages/astro-webtools#readme)
Components dedicated to Astro

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/astro-webtools.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/astro-webtools.svg)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![NPM Type Definitions](https://img.shields.io/npm/types/astro-webtools)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![NPM Last Update](https://img.shields.io/npm/last-update/astro-webtools)](https://npmjs.com/package/astro-webtools)
[![Who is using it](https://img.shields.io/badge/Who%20is%20using%20it-Green)](https://github.com/search?q=%22astro-webtools%22+path%3Apackage.json+NOT+owner%3Apascal-brand38+&type=code)

Check for [Demo](https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev/packages/astro-webtools/)


## Sites

### astro-dev-doc

The doc site of astro-dev, published as https://pascal-brand38.github.io/astro-dev
