src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper.mdx, before:

---
title: astro-swiper
description: The Astro component for Swiper. Use swiperjs.com on Astro.
template: doc
hero:
  tagline: The Astro component for Swiper.<br>Swiper is a slider/carousel written in TypeScript.
  image:
    file: ./astro-swiper/astro-swiper.png
  actions:
    - text: astro-swiper
      link: https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-swiper/blob/main/README.md
      icon: github
    - text: astro-swiper
      link: https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-swiper
      icon: seti:npm
    - text: swiper
      link: https://swiperjs.com/
      icon: external
---

import { Icon, Card, LinkButton } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

import Center from '../../../components/Center.astro'
import Autoplay from './astro-swiper/Autoplay.astro'
import Navigation from './astro-swiper/Navigation.astro'
import Pagination from './astro-swiper/Pagination.astro'
import Thumbnail from './astro-swiper/Thumbnail.astro'


## Help needed

Do you need help to integrate ```astro-swiper``` in your
astro template / component? Please
[fill a github issue](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-swiper/issues/new?template=help-needed.md)


## Install

```bash
npm install astro-swiper
```

Read the full doc on
[Github](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-swiper/blob/main/README.md)

Swiper options documentation can be found on [swiperjs.com](https://swiperjs.com/swiper-api#parameters)

## Examples

<Card title="Autoplay Example" icon="pencil">
	Autoplay example: slider of 3 images, looping.

  <div class="not-content">
	  <Autoplay/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Autoplay.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
	---
  import { Swiper, SwiperWrapper, SwiperSlide } from "astro-swiper";
	---
  <Swiper
    options={{    // check options at https://swiperjs.com/swiper-api
      autoplay: {
        delay: 700,
        disableOnInteraction: false,
        waitForTransition: false,
      },
      loop: true,
    }}>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
    </SwiperWrapper>
  </Swiper>
	```
	</details>
</Card>



<Card title="Navigation Example" icon="pencil">
	Navigation example: slider of 3 images, with arrow or swiping to navigate
  from a slide to another one.

  Note that if ones does not want to use the default swiper class
  ```swiper-button-prev``` and ```swiper-button-next``` to use its
  own css, it is possible to use
  ```
  <SwiperButtonPrev addDefaultClass={false} class='my-swiper-button-prev'/>
  ```

  <div class="not-content">
	  <Navigation/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Navigation.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
	---
  ...
  import { SwiperButtonPrev, SwiperButtonNext } from "astro-swiper";
  import type { AstroSwiperType } from "astro-swiper";

  const astroSwiperOptions: AstroSwiperType = {
    options: {
      loop: true,
      navigation: {
        nextEl: '.swiper-button-next',
        prevEl: '.swiper-button-prev',
      },
    },
  };
	---
  <Swiper>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
    </SwiperWrapper>

    <SwiperButtonPrev />
    <SwiperButtonNext />
  </Swiper>
```
	</details>
</Card>


<Card title="Pagination Example" icon="pencil">
	Pagination example: slider of 3 images, with autoplay and pagination:
  3 dots indicates which slide is displayed.

  <div class="not-content">
	  <Pagination/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Pagination.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
	---
  ...
  import { SwiperButtonPrev, SwiperButtonNext } from "astro-swiper";
  ...
	---
  <Swiper>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
    </SwiperWrapper>

    <SwiperPagination />
  </Swiper>
```
	</details>
</Card>


<Card title="Thumbnail Example" icon="pencil">
	Thumbnail example: a slider, with thumbnails at the bottom to
  see the progress.

  The code is made of:
  * 2 slides: 1 for the main slide, and one for the thumbnail
  * each slide have a ```uniqueClass``` defined
  * the main slider refers to the thumbnail one using ```linkToThumbUniqueClass``` being the
    ```uniqueClass``` of the thumbnail slide
  * the thumbnail slider has an option to set the number of thumbs to show

  <div class="not-content">
    <Thumbnail/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Thumbnail.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
  ---
  import { Swiper, SwiperWrapper, SwiperSlide } from "astro-swiper";
  ---

  <Swiper
    uniqueClass="myswiper-main"
    linkToThumbUniqueClass="myswiper-thumbnail"
    options={{ ... }}>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      ...
    </SwiperWrapper>
  </Swiper>

  <Swiper
    uniqueClass="myswiper-thumbnail"
    options={{
      slidesPerView: 4,
      freeMode: true,
      watchSlidesProgress: true,
      ...
    }}>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      ...
    </SwiperWrapper>
  </Swiper>
```
	</details>
</Card>


import DemoDefault from './astro-swiper/DemoDefault.astro'
import DemoNavigation from './astro-swiper/DemoNavigation.astro'
import DemoPagination from './astro-swiper/DemoPagination.astro'
import DemoPaginationDynamic from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationDynamic.astro'
import DemoPaginationProgress from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationProgress.astro'
import DemoPaginationFraction from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationFraction.astro'
import DemoPaginationCustom from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationCustom.astro'
import DemoScrollbar from './astro-swiper/DemoScrollbar.astro'
import DemoVertical from './astro-swiper/DemoVertical.astro'
import DemoSpaceBetween from './astro-swiper/DemoSpaceBetween.astro'
import DemoSlidesPerView from './astro-swiper/DemoSlidesPerView.astro'
import DemoSlidesPerViewAuto from './astro-swiper/DemoSlidesPerViewAuto.astro'
import DemoCentered from './astro-swiper/DemoCentered.astro'
import DemoCenteredAuto from './astro-swiper/DemoCenteredAuto.astro'
import DemoCssMode from './astro-swiper/DemoCssMode.astro'
import DemoFreeMode from './astro-swiper/DemoFreeMode.astro'
import DemoScrollContainer from './astro-swiper/DemoScrollContainer.astro'
import DemoGrid from './astro-swiper/DemoGrid.astro'
import DemoNested from './astro-swiper/DemoNested.astro'
import DemoGrabCursor from './astro-swiper/DemoGrabCursor.astro'
import DemoInfiniteLoop from './astro-swiper/DemoInfiniteLoop.astro'
import DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip from './astro-swiper/DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip.astro'
import DemoEffectFade from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectFade.astro'
import DemoEffectCube from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCube.astro'
import DemoEffectCoverFlow from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCoverFlow.astro'
import DemoEffectFlip from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectFlip.astro'
import DemoEffectCards from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCards.astro'
import DemoEffectCreative from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCreative.astro'
import DemoKeyboardControl from './astro-swiper/DemoKeyboardControl.astro'
import DemoMousewheelControl from './astro-swiper/DemoMousewheelControl.astro'
import DemoAutoplay from './astro-swiper/DemoAutoplay.astro'
import DemoAutoplayProgress from './astro-swiper/DemoAutoplayProgress.astro'
import DemoManipulation from './astro-swiper/DemoManipulation.astro'
import DemoThumbsGallery from './astro-swiper/DemoThumbsGallery.astro'
import DemoThumbsGalleryLoop from './astro-swiper/DemoThumbsGalleryLoop.astro'
import DemoMultipleSwipers from './astro-swiper/DemoMultipleSwipers.astro'
import DemoHashNavigation from './astro-swiper/DemoHashNavigation.astro'
import DemoHistory from './astro-swiper/DemoHistory.astro'
import DemoRtl from './astro-swiper/DemoRtl.astro'
import DemoParallax from './astro-swiper/DemoParallax.astro'
import DemoLazyLoadImages from './astro-swiper/DemoLazyLoadImages.astro'
import DemoResponsiveBreakpoints from './astro-swiper/DemoResponsiveBreakpoints.astro'
import DemoRatioBreakpoints from './astro-swiper/DemoRatioBreakpoints.astro'
import DemoAutoheight from './astro-swiper/DemoAutoheight.astro'
import DemoZoom from './astro-swiper/DemoZoom.astro'
import DemoVirtualSlides from './astro-swiper/DemoVirtualSlides.astro'
import DemoCustomPlugin from './astro-swiper/DemoCustomPlugin.astro'
import DemoSlideableMenu from './astro-swiper/DemoSlideableMenu.astro'
import DemoChangeDirection from './astro-swiper/DemoChangeDirection.astro'
import DemoWatchSlidesVisibility from './astro-swiper/DemoWatchSlidesVisibility.astro'
import DemoRewind from './astro-swiper/DemoRewind.astro'

import './astro-swiper.css'

<div class='grid not-content'>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoDefault"> <DemoDefault/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoNavigation"> <DemoNavigation/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPagination"> <DemoPagination/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationDynamic"> <DemoPaginationDynamic/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationProgress"> <DemoPaginationProgress/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationFraction"> <DemoPaginationFraction/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationCustom"> <DemoPaginationCustom/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoScrollbar"> <DemoScrollbar/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoVertical"> <DemoVertical/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSpaceBetween"> <DemoSpaceBetween/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlidesPerView"> <DemoSlidesPerView/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlidesPerViewAuto"> <DemoSlidesPerViewAuto/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCentered"> <DemoCentered/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCenteredAuto"> <DemoCenteredAuto/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCssMode"> <DemoCssMode/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoFreeMode"> <DemoFreeMode/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoScrollContainer"> <DemoScrollContainer/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoGrid"> <DemoGrid/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoNested"> <DemoNested/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoGrabCursor"> <DemoGrabCursor/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoInfiniteLoop"> <DemoInfiniteLoop/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip"> <DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectFade"> <DemoEffectFade/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCube"> <DemoEffectCube/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCoverFlow"> <DemoEffectCoverFlow/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectFlip"> <DemoEffectFlip/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCards"> <DemoEffectCards/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCreative"> <DemoEffectCreative/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoKeyboardControl"> <DemoKeyboardControl/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoMousewheelControl"> <DemoMousewheelControl/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoAutoplay"> <DemoAutoplay/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoAutoplayProgress"> <DemoAutoplayProgress/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoManipulation"> <DemoManipulation/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoThumbsGallery"> <DemoThumbsGallery/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoThumbsGalleryLoop"> <DemoThumbsGalleryLoop/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoMultipleSwipers"> <DemoMultipleSwipers/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoHashNavigation"> <DemoHashNavigation/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoHistory"> <DemoHistory/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoRtl"> <DemoRtl/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoParallax"> <DemoParallax/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoLazyLoadImages"> <DemoLazyLoadImages/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoResponsiveBreakpoints"> <DemoResponsiveBreakpoints/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoRatioBreakpoints"> <DemoRatioBreakpoints/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoAutoheight"> <DemoAutoheight/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoZoom"> <DemoZoom/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoVirtualSlides"> <DemoVirtualSlides/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCustomPlugin"> <DemoCustomPlugin/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlideableMenu"> <DemoSlideableMenu/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoChangeDirection"> <DemoChangeDirection/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoWatchSlidesVisibility"> <DemoWatchSlidesVisibility/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoRewind"> <DemoRewind/> </section> </div>
</div>

Commit message:

astro-swiper: help needed
Signed-off-by: Pascal Brand <pascal.brand38@gmail.com>

src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper.mdx, after:

---
title: astro-swiper
description: The Astro component for Swiper. Use swiperjs.com on Astro.
template: doc
hero:
  tagline: The Astro component for Swiper.<br>Swiper is a slider/carousel written in TypeScript.
  image:
    file: ./astro-swiper/astro-swiper.png
  actions:
    - text: astro-swiper
      link: https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-swiper/blob/main/README.md
      icon: github
    - text: astro-swiper
      link: https://www.npmjs.com/package/astro-swiper
      icon: seti:npm
    - text: swiper
      link: https://swiperjs.com/
      icon: external
---

import { Icon, Card, LinkButton } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

import Center from '../../../components/Center.astro'
import Autoplay from './astro-swiper/Autoplay.astro'
import Navigation from './astro-swiper/Navigation.astro'
import Pagination from './astro-swiper/Pagination.astro'
import Thumbnail from './astro-swiper/Thumbnail.astro'


## Help needed

Do you need help to integrate ```astro-swiper``` in your
astro template / component? 2 ways to ask:
* mention me with ```@pascal-brand38``` in an issue on your own github repo
* or [fill a github issue](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-swiper/issues/new?template=help-needed.md)
  in ```astro-swiper``` github

I'll be happy to help!



## Install

```bash
npm install astro-swiper
```

Read the full doc on
[Github](https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-swiper/blob/main/README.md)

Swiper options documentation can be found on [swiperjs.com](https://swiperjs.com/swiper-api#parameters)

## Examples

<Card title="Autoplay Example" icon="pencil">
	Autoplay example: slider of 3 images, looping.

  <div class="not-content">
	  <Autoplay/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Autoplay.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
	---
  import { Swiper, SwiperWrapper, SwiperSlide } from "astro-swiper";
	---
  <Swiper
    options={{    // check options at https://swiperjs.com/swiper-api
      autoplay: {
        delay: 700,
        disableOnInteraction: false,
        waitForTransition: false,
      },
      loop: true,
    }}>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
    </SwiperWrapper>
  </Swiper>
	```
	</details>
</Card>



<Card title="Navigation Example" icon="pencil">
	Navigation example: slider of 3 images, with arrow or swiping to navigate
  from a slide to another one.

  Note that if ones does not want to use the default swiper class
  ```swiper-button-prev``` and ```swiper-button-next``` to use its
  own css, it is possible to use
  ```
  <SwiperButtonPrev addDefaultClass={false} class='my-swiper-button-prev'/>
  ```

  <div class="not-content">
	  <Navigation/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Navigation.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
	---
  ...
  import { SwiperButtonPrev, SwiperButtonNext } from "astro-swiper";
  import type { AstroSwiperType } from "astro-swiper";

  const astroSwiperOptions: AstroSwiperType = {
    options: {
      loop: true,
      navigation: {
        nextEl: '.swiper-button-next',
        prevEl: '.swiper-button-prev',
      },
    },
  };
	---
  <Swiper>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
    </SwiperWrapper>

    <SwiperButtonPrev />
    <SwiperButtonNext />
  </Swiper>
```
	</details>
</Card>


<Card title="Pagination Example" icon="pencil">
	Pagination example: slider of 3 images, with autoplay and pagination:
  3 dots indicates which slide is displayed.

  <div class="not-content">
	  <Pagination/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Pagination.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
	---
  ...
  import { SwiperButtonPrev, SwiperButtonNext } from "astro-swiper";
  ...
	---
  <Swiper>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> <img src=... /> </SwiperSlide>
    </SwiperWrapper>

    <SwiperPagination />
  </Swiper>
```
	</details>
</Card>


<Card title="Thumbnail Example" icon="pencil">
	Thumbnail example: a slider, with thumbnails at the bottom to
  see the progress.

  The code is made of:
  * 2 slides: 1 for the main slide, and one for the thumbnail
  * each slide have a ```uniqueClass``` defined
  * the main slider refers to the thumbnail one using ```linkToThumbUniqueClass``` being the
    ```uniqueClass``` of the thumbnail slide
  * the thumbnail slider has an option to set the number of thumbs to show

  <div class="not-content">
    <Thumbnail/>
  </div>

	<LinkButton href="https://github.com/pascal-brand38/astro-dev/blob/main/src/content/docs/packages/astro-swiper/Thumbnail.astro" icon="external">
		Full code
	</LinkButton>

	<details>
	<summary>
	<Icon name="astro" class="inline-icon"/> Code Snippet
	</summary>

	```astro
  ---
  import { Swiper, SwiperWrapper, SwiperSlide } from "astro-swiper";
  ---

  <Swiper
    uniqueClass="myswiper-main"
    linkToThumbUniqueClass="myswiper-thumbnail"
    options={{ ... }}>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      ...
    </SwiperWrapper>
  </Swiper>

  <Swiper
    uniqueClass="myswiper-thumbnail"
    options={{
      slidesPerView: 4,
      freeMode: true,
      watchSlidesProgress: true,
      ...
    }}>
    <SwiperWrapper>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      <SwiperSlide> ... </SwiperSlide>
      ...
    </SwiperWrapper>
  </Swiper>
```
	</details>
</Card>


import DemoDefault from './astro-swiper/DemoDefault.astro'
import DemoNavigation from './astro-swiper/DemoNavigation.astro'
import DemoPagination from './astro-swiper/DemoPagination.astro'
import DemoPaginationDynamic from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationDynamic.astro'
import DemoPaginationProgress from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationProgress.astro'
import DemoPaginationFraction from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationFraction.astro'
import DemoPaginationCustom from './astro-swiper/DemoPaginationCustom.astro'
import DemoScrollbar from './astro-swiper/DemoScrollbar.astro'
import DemoVertical from './astro-swiper/DemoVertical.astro'
import DemoSpaceBetween from './astro-swiper/DemoSpaceBetween.astro'
import DemoSlidesPerView from './astro-swiper/DemoSlidesPerView.astro'
import DemoSlidesPerViewAuto from './astro-swiper/DemoSlidesPerViewAuto.astro'
import DemoCentered from './astro-swiper/DemoCentered.astro'
import DemoCenteredAuto from './astro-swiper/DemoCenteredAuto.astro'
import DemoCssMode from './astro-swiper/DemoCssMode.astro'
import DemoFreeMode from './astro-swiper/DemoFreeMode.astro'
import DemoScrollContainer from './astro-swiper/DemoScrollContainer.astro'
import DemoGrid from './astro-swiper/DemoGrid.astro'
import DemoNested from './astro-swiper/DemoNested.astro'
import DemoGrabCursor from './astro-swiper/DemoGrabCursor.astro'
import DemoInfiniteLoop from './astro-swiper/DemoInfiniteLoop.astro'
import DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip from './astro-swiper/DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip.astro'
import DemoEffectFade from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectFade.astro'
import DemoEffectCube from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCube.astro'
import DemoEffectCoverFlow from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCoverFlow.astro'
import DemoEffectFlip from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectFlip.astro'
import DemoEffectCards from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCards.astro'
import DemoEffectCreative from './astro-swiper/DemoEffectCreative.astro'
import DemoKeyboardControl from './astro-swiper/DemoKeyboardControl.astro'
import DemoMousewheelControl from './astro-swiper/DemoMousewheelControl.astro'
import DemoAutoplay from './astro-swiper/DemoAutoplay.astro'
import DemoAutoplayProgress from './astro-swiper/DemoAutoplayProgress.astro'
import DemoManipulation from './astro-swiper/DemoManipulation.astro'
import DemoThumbsGallery from './astro-swiper/DemoThumbsGallery.astro'
import DemoThumbsGalleryLoop from './astro-swiper/DemoThumbsGalleryLoop.astro'
import DemoMultipleSwipers from './astro-swiper/DemoMultipleSwipers.astro'
import DemoHashNavigation from './astro-swiper/DemoHashNavigation.astro'
import DemoHistory from './astro-swiper/DemoHistory.astro'
import DemoRtl from './astro-swiper/DemoRtl.astro'
import DemoParallax from './astro-swiper/DemoParallax.astro'
import DemoLazyLoadImages from './astro-swiper/DemoLazyLoadImages.astro'
import DemoResponsiveBreakpoints from './astro-swiper/DemoResponsiveBreakpoints.astro'
import DemoRatioBreakpoints from './astro-swiper/DemoRatioBreakpoints.astro'
import DemoAutoheight from './astro-swiper/DemoAutoheight.astro'
import DemoZoom from './astro-swiper/DemoZoom.astro'
import DemoVirtualSlides from './astro-swiper/DemoVirtualSlides.astro'
import DemoCustomPlugin from './astro-swiper/DemoCustomPlugin.astro'
import DemoSlideableMenu from './astro-swiper/DemoSlideableMenu.astro'
import DemoChangeDirection from './astro-swiper/DemoChangeDirection.astro'
import DemoWatchSlidesVisibility from './astro-swiper/DemoWatchSlidesVisibility.astro'
import DemoRewind from './astro-swiper/DemoRewind.astro'

import './astro-swiper.css'

<div class='grid not-content'>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoDefault"> <DemoDefault/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoNavigation"> <DemoNavigation/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPagination"> <DemoPagination/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationDynamic"> <DemoPaginationDynamic/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationProgress"> <DemoPaginationProgress/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationFraction"> <DemoPaginationFraction/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoPaginationCustom"> <DemoPaginationCustom/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoScrollbar"> <DemoScrollbar/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoVertical"> <DemoVertical/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSpaceBetween"> <DemoSpaceBetween/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlidesPerView"> <DemoSlidesPerView/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlidesPerViewAuto"> <DemoSlidesPerViewAuto/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCentered"> <DemoCentered/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCenteredAuto"> <DemoCenteredAuto/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCssMode"> <DemoCssMode/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoFreeMode"> <DemoFreeMode/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoScrollContainer"> <DemoScrollContainer/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoGrid"> <DemoGrid/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoNested"> <DemoNested/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoGrabCursor"> <DemoGrabCursor/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoInfiniteLoop"> <DemoInfiniteLoop/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip"> <DemoSlidesPerGroupSkip/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectFade"> <DemoEffectFade/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCube"> <DemoEffectCube/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCoverFlow"> <DemoEffectCoverFlow/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectFlip"> <DemoEffectFlip/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCards"> <DemoEffectCards/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoEffectCreative"> <DemoEffectCreative/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoKeyboardControl"> <DemoKeyboardControl/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoMousewheelControl"> <DemoMousewheelControl/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoAutoplay"> <DemoAutoplay/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoAutoplayProgress"> <DemoAutoplayProgress/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoManipulation"> <DemoManipulation/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoThumbsGallery"> <DemoThumbsGallery/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoThumbsGalleryLoop"> <DemoThumbsGalleryLoop/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoMultipleSwipers"> <DemoMultipleSwipers/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoHashNavigation"> <DemoHashNavigation/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoHistory"> <DemoHistory/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoRtl"> <DemoRtl/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoParallax"> <DemoParallax/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoLazyLoadImages"> <DemoLazyLoadImages/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoResponsiveBreakpoints"> <DemoResponsiveBreakpoints/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoRatioBreakpoints"> <DemoRatioBreakpoints/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoAutoheight"> <DemoAutoheight/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoZoom"> <DemoZoom/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoVirtualSlides"> <DemoVirtualSlides/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoCustomPlugin"> <DemoCustomPlugin/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoSlideableMenu"> <DemoSlideableMenu/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoChangeDirection"> <DemoChangeDirection/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoWatchSlidesVisibility"> <DemoWatchSlidesVisibility/> </section> </div>
  <div class='grid-cell'> <section id="DemoRewind"> <DemoRewind/> </section> </div>
</div>
